Mom annoying
Mom
I don't cook.
What are you doing?
You don't rebel
We all have to die
General, I will not rebel
I don't want to rebel
You go and make it, I'm a general
Don't push me
You are Ye Xuan's person
Hahaha Ye Xuan
What a cruel heart!
This must force our Ji family to rebel
Hahaha
What a plan!
Ye Juan
I just know now
You are more cruel than everyone else
You are more cruel than everyone, Ye Xuan
Empress General Ji's
When is this stupid brother?
He also sent his heart to this palace
Is it to let all the Jin family be buried with him?
It's really not enough
hesitation
Is there anything else?
The empress followed the third prince that day
The girl who entered the palace with the fourth prince
The identity has been confirmed
It's called whiteness.
Is a foreigner
What about the family background?
The slave does not know
Trash, that's it
The slave will check again.
No, nothing else.
The prince established a seventh
If this palace does not entertain
Wouldn't it lose the added courtesy?
You go and recruit the third prince and concubine into the palace
Get close to this palace